Canada is a sovereign country according
to official documents Canada has a
parliament a prime minister and a fully
functioning government but the one issue
which is not being factored in is that
Canada is ruled by the monarchy and is
forced to be a Perpetual slave to them
for eternity happy birthday Canada you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you today we are going to have
our focus on Canada let's begin with
this article here
we have the 150th anniversary of Canada
it's going on now today as of this
recording it is Canada Day so we should
be celebrating but exactly what are we
celebrating now one of the points that
I've always talked about is that the
queen is claimed to be the queen of
Canada that is sort of the
official
notion and I'll get into the breakdown
of that in a moment but that's where we
have a little bit of an issue because
it's considered that the queen is
ceremonial and the monarchy is not
necessarily ruling over the country but
it is in fact just there as a figurehead
and and this and that so let's get into
Canada first what's going on in Canada
right now at this at this time well the
economy isn't doing that well although
the dollar the Canadian dollar has come
up a little bit in the recent past we
have seen one of definite economic
stagnation and one of the most important
things is oil oil prices have been
rather stagnant for quite some time at
at this time and it remains to be seen
where the price will head in the near
future simply because there is no real
change the inventories don't seem to
change and and the whole
economic outlook for the globe tends to
be rather dismal so what we see here is
that with a reduced price compared to
what it was before of oil Canada will
suffer as a result and there are other
Commodities of course which are affected
uh here but if Canada isn't exporting
Commodities they're not going to bring
in the revenue and that's ultimately
going to hurt the economy we also had
the issue of Health housing prices
housing prices have come up considerably
in cities like Vancouver Toronto even
Montreal and others where you can see
the fact that the average individual
cannot purchase a home or they are
taking on a maximum amount of debt and
this debt is financed over a long period
of time however it is financed at a very
low interest rate if those interest
rates change if they go up even a fair
amount we are going to have mass Mass
foreclosures Mass bankruptcies for a lot
of people in Canada and it's really not
taken you know
seriously walk around the city of
Toronto and downtown and you will see
this on every street corner every single
street corner is riddled with homeless
people poverty is accelerating to a
great degree and it's happening at the
same time where you have certain
individuals who are making more money
than ever so the middle class is
essentially evaporating you're having
very rich people and you have very poor
people a lot of people that may seem to
have wealth have really been financing
that so they're driving their luxury
vehicles and they're living in these
very expensive homes But ultimately they
have a lot of debt on their backs but
the point I'm trying to make here is
that poverty has accelerated to a great
degree and it is very apparent just walk
on the streets of Toronto and you will
see this for yourself that's my
experience
anyway let's take a look at how Canada
is set up at the very top you have the
Queen the queen is ruling over Canada
that's the way it is how does it work
though well we have a governor general
and that person is basically located in
Canada and they are in a way the
representative of the queen they do the
Queen's duties
let's call
it and the prime minister is really a
subject it's really not ruling the
nation because you have this monarchy
that's there in place so the queen gives
the orders to the governor general the
governor general gives the orders to the
Prime Minister and then it flows
downward from there and you can see all
the different branches of government and
everything else that's below and where
do you and I come in well we are right
down here at the
bottom in no man's land so by the time
all of the wealth and all of the
prosperity come about and the inflation
and all of the laws and everything else
and by the time it gets down here it's
nothing but a
trickle there's nothing left because all
of that wealth gets siphoned away
through all of this big government
structure and that's what we face this
is a
fact it's not just Canada I'm only
pointing this out because it's Canada
day today it's really what we are
supposed to be celebrating but what we
can celebrate today is a new paradigm
and one that does we with this big
government
structure what exactly does the queen or
does the mon Ary do well they speak in
front of large audiences and they wave
and they wear expensive
goldplated
accessories
and when you think about it they have no
economic value to the country yet they
siphon off a lot of the
wealth I'll get into that more in a
moment
here is the
queen just I
mean when I look at somebody I want to
look in their
eyes I want to tell who this person
is and the eyes often said to be the
window into the
soul look at those
eyes do you think she has your best
interest in mind
well I'll leave that up to you I'm not
suggesting
anything and then Prince Phillip no this
has not been edited that's really what
he looks
like and I ask you the same question
look in the
eyes Prince Charles I have a stake in
transylvania's future that's right
he has
said he has said this to be a descendant
of the notorious Romanian Lord Vlad the
Impaler if you don't know who that is
that's Dracula that's the real life
Dracula and he's saying yes I am a
descendant of this
individual and that's okay and you know
it's just a fact and he owns uh homes
there I believe and and he has a lot of
stake in transylvania's future I
definitely agree with
that that's for
sure
and they are requiring or requesting I
should say that Prince Charles become
the prince of
Transylvania obviously if he's the heir
to the throne then it's a good thing
this is real this is a fact
and it's unbelievable doesn't get really
mainstream media attention but what else
good information does these days and
this is the people that run our nation
in
Canada these are the people that run
your nation if you're under the rule of
the
monarchy this however is the future this
is a picture from the the G20 in Toronto
a few years ago I was present during
this time the police presence was the
most I've ever seen by far every street
corner had police on it people were
being interrogated there was a cage set
up around Union Station Union Station
being where all traffic flows through
it's the biggest bottleneck on the earth
as far as I'm concerned and yet there's
a big cage around there's a big police
presence slowed down the the economy
essentially in this area
locally and then
ultimately the brutalization of citizens
was taking place literally trampled over
on horses and if I'm not mistaken this
was the moment after they sang the O
Canada pledging their
allegiance to Canada and in effect to
the queen that's what you do
and then they trampled and stomped on
your
brains and that's what this is so I
request that individuals just
consider that we don't need big
government whether it's a queen whether
it's a president doesn't matter we don't
need big government what we need are is
prosperity we need a prosperous Nation
whatever that takes to get a prosperous
Nation that's the direction we should
move adding new levels of government
doesn't do
that and this is a direct result of
anybody who is willing to go against
against the
grain so my idea is
to absolutely reduce the level of
Taxation that we have eliminate as much
of the government as possible
and ultimately bring prosperity to
individuals if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
and last but not least if you found this
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse even
more informative the first book is about
the four asset classes and how to profit
from them the new book takes on some uh
new methods here where I call what I
call the money GPS strategy and that is
how to reduce your monthly expenses and
becoming self-sufficient all along that
line there so if you're interested in
that Amazon has a feature where you can
look inside the books so the links are
are in the
description
and if you want the audiobook version
definitely go to the money gps.com
that's all for today take care and happy
Canada Day